  Project Name: Hotel Managment Database System
StudentID        :1256943
Student Name:MOHAMMAD SAIDUR RAHMAN
BatchID           :ESAD-CS/NVIT-M/44/01
    
Project Description :The system provides to managing the reservation process. the system will able user to add, delete, edit and update reservation.
The system provide employee who work in the reception of hotel to make reservation for visitor or guest and confirm it by searching for available rooms,
 add guest information, and payment process. the system will find solution for recording the bill automatically. the procedure of hotel reservation has been 
analyzed by logging into booking website for hotel.The system is build and developing using SQL 2017 to build and manage system database
The Problem Increase the electronic activates and Innovation in information system today require to faster response to exchange all traditional 
operations to systematic operations, from this point in our Hotel Management system we will try to Exchange all Hotel and Reservations traditional Process 
to systematic process.The main objective from this system is Build and development system to manage all Hotel activities.
Guests and employee can reserve available room dependent on data that were enter it in the search process.Pre-condition:Room that is selected must be available.
The number of persons stay in the room should be the same limited number for the room. Initial Step-By-Step Description:Enter the  name, phone,
credit card number, Nationality and other details about guest.Enter the check in and checkout date. The system must be checking all details before save it.
Post-condition: The system must be complete reservation process successfully and save it in the database. Exception: The guest or employee enters previous 
date from current date the system must show message for user explains that.Alternative: The system Suggest for guest the earliest date. Reservation Use Case
Requirement specification analysis ,Brief Description: The guest can request services. Pre-condition: The guest already checks in.Initial Step-By-Step Description: 
The guest request services. The guest enters type of services.The guest selects level of services.The System shows cost of services to the guest.Post-condition: 
The system provides guest service.The system adds cost of service to guest balance. Request Services Use Case.
